# NODE version 14.19.0 ## How to use in another project This repository is
packaged as an npm package. To use in your project, add the following to the
`.npmrc` file in the root directory. Replace `your_personal_access_token` with a
github personal access token that has `read:packages` permission. ```bash
@nypublicradio:registry=https://npm.pkg.github.com
//npm.pkg.github.com/:_authToken=your_personal_access_token ``` Only commit the
`.npmrc` file with the first line to git. Your personal access token should
*never* be committed to git. If you accidentally commit your personal access
token, delete it and genenerate a new personall access token with
`read:packages` permission. ## Installation ``` npm i ``` ## Storybook if
STORYBOOK_EDIT is set to false (default = ture), it will use the compiled
minified theme and not provide real time updates as you develop. This is useful
when you just want to refernce the storybook instance quickly because it builds
way faster, and to test the mionified theme build ``` npm run storybook ``` #
TESTING VSCode users, install the test helper plugin:
`https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ZixuanChen.vitest-explorer`
Vitest config found in this file: `./vitest.config.js` ## run Vitest tests
update THEME env var with the name of the theme you want to use: `.env` line 1
``` npm run test ``` ## run Vitest tests with coverage update THEME env var with
the name of the theme you want to use: `.env` line 1 ``` npm run coverage ``` ##
Themes location src/assets/themes/ ## global scss location src/assets/library/
## build Themes ``` npm run build-themes ``` ## Prime Theme View first, rename
config file to `vite.config.js` file being rendered: `src/components/Home.vue`
add/select the theme you want import here: `\src\main.js` line 51 ``` npm run
prime-serve ``` ## Nuxt instance first, rename config file to `--vite.config.js`
to avoid conflict with nuxt.config.js update THEME env var with the name of the
theme you want to use: `.env` line 1 ``` npm run dev ``` ## font size scale
reference helper --font-size = 16px --font-ratio = 1.125 --font-size-20 =
5.202rem/83.23px --font-size-19 = 4.624rem/73.98px --font-size-18 =
4.11rem/65.76px --font-size-17 = 3.653rem/58.45px --font-size-16 =
3.247rem/51.96px --font-size-15 = 2.887rem/46.18px --font-size-14 =
2.566rem/41.05px --font-size-13 = 2.281rem/36.49px --font-size-12 =
2.027rem/32.44px --font-size-11 = 1.802rem/28.83px --font-size-10 =
1.602rem/25.63px --font-size-9 = 1.424rem/22.78px --font-size-8 =
1.266rem/20.25px --font-size-7 = 1.125rem/18.00px --font-size-6 = 1rem/16.00px
--font-size-5 = 0.889rem/14.22px --font-size-4 = 0.79rem/12.64px --font-size-3 =
0.702rem/11.24px --font-size-2 = 0.624rem/9.99px --font-size-1 = 0.555rem/8.88px
--font-size-0 = 0.493rem/7.89px ## Creating a new theme Navigate to
`nypr-design-system-vue3\src\assets\themes` Duplicate “radiolab” folder and
rename it (no spaces in name) Delete `.min.css` and `.min.css.map` in the new
theme folder In the root `.env` file, change THEME to equal the new name
Navigate to `nypr-design-system-vue3\src\main.js` line:51 Add a new import for
the new theme import './assets/themes/newthemename/_theme.scss' comments the
other theme imports ## Updating the new theme Make all variable changes to the
`nypr-design-system-vue3/src/assets/themes/newthemename/variables.scss` file.
Put all your colors into the $colors sass object (this will export a gradient
for each color that you can use in your project where the "-500" version is the
selected color. Lower values are lighter, higher numbers are darker. eg.
--blue-100,--blue-200,--blue-300,--blue-400,--blue-500,--blue-600,--blue-700,--blue-800,--blue-900).
You can then refer to that object in `variables.scss` when populating the scss
variables like this `map-get($colors, "blue");`. Add or modify css vars in the
`nypr-design-system-vue3/src/assets/themes/newthemename/cssvars.scss` file. Do
not remove any css vars, as they may be being used by our custom components in
`nypr-design-system-vue3/v2/src/components`. Be sure to use the css var font
scale located in the `cssvars.scss` file for all font-sizes. Then reference
chart above will how you choose. When creating/modifying custom components, make
sure to use the css vars when styling. When modifying/overriding PrimeVue
components for your new theme, add the styles to the
`nypr-design-system-vue3/src/assets/themes/newthemename/extensions.scss` file.
Once again, be sure to use css vars when styling. This will allow for the
components to react to data-style-mode changes (dark mode etc). When updating to
a newer versions of Prime Designer in the future, we will create a new root
`src_v3.7.1` folder and move all the files into that folder. This will allow you
to update to the new version of Prime Designer without breaking your current
theme. We'll see what happenes when we get to that point. Likely near the end of
the year when PrimeVue has their next major updates complete.
